`azurerm_dashboard_grafana` deprecate the `Essential` value for the `sku` property (#32538)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/dashboard_grafana.html.markdown

* `public_network_access_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable traffic over the public interface. Defaults to `true`.

> * `sku` - (Optional) The name of the SKU used for the Grafana instance. Possible values are `Standard`. Defaults to `Standard`. Changing this forces a new Dashboard Grafana to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sku` - (Optional) The name of the SKU used for the Grafana instance. The only possible value is `Standard`. Defaults to `Standard`. Changing this forces a new Dashboard Grafana to be created.
```
